# Renewable-Energy-Plant-System-REPS-
A Renewable Energy Plant (REP) is a multigeneration energy system plant that manages the production of renewable energy for cities, industries and so on.
Renewable energy sources are usually accessible at any location in the world, depending on the type. Also, using renewable energy resources has several advantages and benefits compared to conventional energy sources.
The REP is equipped with software that controls everything in the plant, e.g., from energy production to site surveillance. In order to do that, it collects information from sensors and cameras. Sensors collect, elaborate, and send to a server control room data about the health of the production system, such as the production of energy/hour, while cameras register and send videos to the Server staff room of what is happening in the plant, such as the circulation of people and transportation means (for surveillance activity) or the exchange of stuff by truck loading.
Not necessarily everything has to be sent to the server and remotely processed. A local subsystem (e.g. embedded processing in cameras) can be considered, for example, as based on a framework for embedded image processing.
The REP software is also aimed at improving energy production by, for example, moving the solar panels to accurately follow the sun, or moving the wind turbines to follow the wind direction. Also, REP can suggest changing production stuff for any reason, e.g., due to less energy production for ageing.

Implementation Goals
1. The system should be designed to monitor and control the power plant's renewable energy sources, including solar panels, wind turbines, and hydropower.
2. The system should be capable of collecting data related to the energy generated by renewable sources and storing it in a file.
3. The system should provide a view of the power plant's energy generation and storage capacity, allowing operators to adjust the power plant's operation as needed. This view should show the data stored in the file.
4. The system should be able to analyse the data collected from renewable sources. It should be possible to filter the data on an hourly, daily, weekly and monthly basis. It should be possible to sort the data where possible. It must allow a user to search for required data stored in the system.
Data Analysis should include:
• Mean: the average, which is found by adding up all the values in a set of data
and dividing it by the total number of values you added together.
• Median: the middle number in the set of values. You find it by putting the numbers in order from the smallest to largest and covering up one number on
each end until you get to the middle.
• Mode: the number or value most often in the set. To find the mode, you need
to count how many times each value appears.
• Range: the difference between the lowest and the highest value. To work it
out, simply subtract the lowest value from the highest.
• Midrange: the number that is exactly halfway between the minimum and
maximum numbers in a set of data. To work out the midrange, you must find
the sum of both the smallest and largest, and divide it by 2.
5. The system should be able to detect and handle issues with renewable energy sources, such as low energy output, and equipment malfunction, generating alerts for the
operators accordingly.
